README.md, before:

# Daily Task Manager in Java
Developing Java CLI application called Daily Task Manager to demonstrate data structures (Array, Stack, and LinkedList).

## Approach to implementing each data structure
<ul> Array-based Approach
<li> Used a fixed-size array to store tasks | String[]</li>
<li> Used boolean array to track completed tasks | boolean[]</li>
<li> Used stack to store tasks for undo feature | Stack String[] </li>
</ul>

<ul>LinkedList-based Approach
<li> Used a linkedlist for dynamic task storage | LinkedList String </li>
<li> Used a linkedlist to track completed tasks | LinkedList boolean </li>
<li> Used a linkedlist to store tasks for undo feature | Stack Linkedlist String</li>


## Challenge Encountered and Solution


## Program Workflow

At the beginning of the program, the user will be asked whether they have a lot of tasks for today. If they do, the program will use a linked list; otherwise, it will use an array with predefined tasks (basic tasks).
After selecting an option and the program returns the corresponding data structure, it will display the task list and the main menu, which consists of the following options: Add Task, Delete Task, Update Task, Mark Completed Task, Undo, and Exit (using numerical input 1-6).

Commit message:

update menu explanation in readme

README.md, after:

# Daily Task Manager in Java
Developing Java CLI application called Daily Task Manager to demonstrate data structures (Array, Stack, and LinkedList).

## Approach to implementing each data structure
<ul> Array-based Approach
<li> Used a fixed-size array to store tasks | String[]</li>
<li> Used boolean array to track completed tasks | boolean[]</li>
<li> Used stack to store tasks for undo feature | Stack String[] </li>
</ul>

<ul>LinkedList-based Approach
<li> Used a linkedlist for dynamic task storage | LinkedList String </li>
<li> Used a linkedlist to track completed tasks | LinkedList boolean </li>
<li> Used a linkedlist to store tasks for undo feature | Stack Linkedlist String</li>


## Challenge Encountered and Solution


## Program Workflow

At the beginning of the program, the user will be asked whether they have a lot of tasks for today. If they do, the program will use a linked list; otherwise, it will use an array with predefined tasks (basic tasks). <br>
After selecting an option and the program returns the corresponding data structure, it will display the task list and the main menu, which consists of the following options: Add Task, Delete Task, Update Task, Mark Completed Task, Undo, and Exit (using numerical input 1-6). <br>
### Menu Explanation
1. Add Task:
- If using an array, a task will be added to the array as long as the number of tasks does not exceed the array's size. If the array is full, the add task request will be rejected.
- If using a linked list, there is no limit to the number of tasks that can be added.
2. Delete Task:
- This option is only available if the task list is not empty and the selected task has not been marked as completed.
- The user will be asked to enter the task number they want to delete.
3. Update Task:
- This option is only available if the task list is not empty and the selected task has not been marked as completed.
- The user will be asked to enter the task number they want to update, along with the new task description.
4. Mark Completed Task:
- This option is only available if the task list is not empty and the task has not yet been marked as completed (-Done).
- The user will be asked to enter the task number they want to mark as completed.
5. Undo:
- This option is only available if the task list is not empty.
- If an action has been performed previously, the undo function will restore the state before the last action was taken.
6. Exit:
- If all tasks have been marked as completed, the program will display:
"Thank you for using Daily To-Do List!" and "Exiting Program . . .", then the program will terminate.
- If there are unfinished tasks, the user will be asked whether they want to give up.
If they choose yes, a warning will be displayed stating that all changes will be lost. If they confirm, the program will terminate.
If they choose no, the program will return to the main menu.
